British English Academy.
A1 listening activity.
Course: A1 Starter English.
Module 6: A1 Review, Speaking and Everyday Tasks.
Lesson 4: A1 Review, Speaking and Everyday Tasks: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen slowly. Repeat each short sentence.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can name, identify, ask and answer basic questions in a listening task about numbers.
Today you will practise language connected to numbers.
Target language: present simple.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for a1 review, speaking and everyday tasks. You will learn useful language connected to numbers and practise present simple. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A1 level.